03.2 - let and for loops in JavaScript.md, before:

## Quick Tip: Use let with for loops in JavaScript

The other problem using `let` and `const` will fix is with our `for` loop.

This is something that you probably have all run into with your regular `for` loop, like one that will count from zero to nine:

```js
for(var i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  console.log(i);
}
```


Problems that arise here are two things:

**First** of all, if I type `i` into the console, it returns `10`. We have this global variable that has leaked into the window, or into a parent scope, which is not something we necessarily want. It's just a placeholder value that we need to work inside of this loop.

**Second** of all, maybe you had something that's going to run after some bit of time like an AJAX request, or for this case, I'm going to use a `setTimeout()` function that runs after one second:

```js
for(var i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  console.log(i);
  setTimeout(function() {
    console.log('The number is ' + i);
  },1000);
}
```

If we run this, all of the `i`s being logged from within the `setTimeout()` function are 10, while the `i`s being logged before the `setTimeout()` function will increment normally. The reason that we have that is because, `console.log(i)`  will run immediately at `console.log` itself and reference whatever `i` is.

However, when the `setTimeout()` function executes after one second, this entire loop has already gone through every iteration that it needs to and the variable `i` here is being overwritten every single time.

The problem with that is that by the time the first `setTimeout()` runs, `i` is already at 10, and we don't have any way to reference it before that.

If you had an AJAX request where you are looping through a few of them, there isn't any way without an IFFE to reference what the `i` variable was when it ran, not what it currently is after the loop.

One quick way we can fix that is if we just change `var` to `let`:

```js
for(let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
 console.log(i);
 setTimeout(function() {
   console.log('The number is ' + i);
 },1000);
}
```

What do we know about `let`? It's block-scoped. We have curly brackets in the `for` loop. If you run it now, after a second we'll log zero through nine. We're not getting 10, 10 times. We getting it as it was declared each and every time.

As a note, you couldn't use a `const` for this because it needs to overwrite itself, and you can't assign the same variable twice. When we use `let`, it's going to scope `i` to our curly brackets.

Commit message:

update the fork up to master (#1)
* possibly improve the wording behind the `name` variable

Re-write the two sentences expressing how including a global variable `name` might cause issues.

* possibly improve the wording of the final sentence

Include a sentence which possibly closes the article more clearly.

* change emphasis of the sentence

when highlighting the entire statement the wording is a tad confusing

* improve wording behind the quotes

pending issue: the link toward [Kyle Simpson's opinion](http://blog.getify.com/constantly-confusing-const/) doesn't actually forward a blog post. The closes match I could find with a quick search is [this URL](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/es6-right-parts/let-vs-var/), but it describes a video on the subject, and not a blog post.

* improve working

try to simplify a few sentences possibly overly-complicated

* try to improve wording

break complex sentences in simpler lines

* improve wording, add backticks around `this`

Backticks added (hopefully) only when needed

* Update 02 - let VS const.md grammar

Improves grammar and fixes use of the word 'scope' when describing the difference between `let` and `const`

* Fix typo in article 14

from pEIces to pIEces

* Update 12 - Template Strings Introduction.md

Updated Grammar based on Grammarly check

03.2 - let and for loops in JavaScript.md, after:

## Quick Tip: Use let with for loops in JavaScript

The other problem using `let` and `const` will fix is with our `for` loop.

This is something that you probably have all run into with your regular `for` loop, like one that will count from zero to nine:

```js
for(var i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  console.log(i);
}
```


Problems that arise here are two things:

**First** of all, if I type `i` into the console, it returns `10`. We have this global variable that has leaked into the window, or into a parent scope, which is not something we necessarily want. It's just a placeholder value that we need to work inside of this loop.

**Second** of all, maybe you had something that's going to run after some bit of time like an AJAX request, or for this case, I'm going to use a `setTimeout()` function that runs after one second:

```js
for(var i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
  console.log(i);
  setTimeout(function() {
    console.log('The number is ' + i);
  },1000);
}
```

If we run this, all of the `i`s being logged from within the `setTimeout()` function are 10, while the `i`s being logged before the `setTimeout()` function will increment normally. The reason that we have that is because, `console.log(i)`  will run immediately at `console.log` itself and reference whatever `i` is.

However, when the `setTimeout()` function executes after one second, this entire loop has already gone through every iteration that it needs to and the variable `i` here is being overwritten every single time.

The problem with that is that by the time the first `setTimeout()` runs, `i` is already at 10, and we don't have any way to reference it before that.

If you had an AJAX request where you are looping through a few of them, there isn't any way without an IFFE to reference what the `i` variable was when it ran, not what it currently is after the loop.

One quick way we can fix that is if we just change `var` to `let`:

```js
for(let i = 0; i < 10; i++) {
 console.log(i);
 setTimeout(function() {
   console.log('The number is ' + i);
 },1000);
}
```

What do we know about `let`? It's block-scoped. We have curly brackets in the `for` loop. If you run it now, after a second we'll log zero through nine. We're not getting 10, 10 times. We getting it as it was declared each and every time.

As a note, you couldn't use a `const` for this because it needs to overwrite itself, and you can't assign the same `const` variable twice.

When we use `let`, it is instead possible to update its value, and `let` is going to scope `i` to our curly brackets.
